docs: add pull request template (#8)
giantswarm/architect-orb: docs/pull_request_template.md

> :wrench: Please make sure to familiarize yourself with [Develpment section of REAMDE.md](../README.md#Development) before releasing a PR to this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:wrench: Please make sure to familiarize yourself with [Development section of README.md](../README.md#Development) before releasing a PR to this repository.
```

> :warning: If you want to **create a new release** of this orb please read [Releases section of REAMDE.md](../README.md#Releases) carefuly :exclamation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: If you want to **create a new release** of this orb please read [Releases section of README.md](../README.md#Releases) carefully :exclamation:
```
